Load css for admin to render client information page(s) correctly sortByFields() needs to return the sorted data.
Get the correct startdate for the specified user id
Fix client message display and add alert if the client hasn't completed their interview.
Sort the assignment replies by delay (date) and order
Whitespace for readability
Return false if key is empty.
Use namespace for Crypto library and its exception handler
Handle cases where no UserId was supplied and the user is logged in.
Encode metadata when saving and loading the key.
Default to Base64 if we're having problems with the key
Upgraded Crypto library and renamed Crypto sources
Renamed Crypto library & its autoloader
Wouldn't handle all cases of a non-existing record.
Fix encryption (AES) and masking (base64).
Support any GravityForm based survey with the correct CSS class defined for processing.
Find the survey form we're processing and try to match it to an article that has a survey configured.
Ensure hover color of the text remains white.
Remove superflous loads of the survey & client_info data.
Typo in Encrypt Surveys option
Renamed getData() to get_data()
Added is_encrypted column to the e20r_surveys.
Add 'is_encrypted' field for a row in the surveys table.
Don't try to save dynamic client_info fields (incomplete_interview and loadedDefaults)
Check variables before using them.
Set survey type based on post ID
Correctly merge data from the e20r_surveys and e20r_client_info tables on load.
Handle multi-choice options when saving Gravity Form surveys.
Handle multi-choice fields when loading previously saved Gravity Form surveys
Disable encryption of individual DB fields.
Remove a survey entry after it's been encrypted and saved by the app.
Handle \n in text boxes.
Force color for buttons
Add definitions for a SURVEY_TYPE constant.
Didn't load the article settings for the specified articleId if it wasn't already loaded
Add e20r_surveys table definition
Add article_id field to e20r_client_info table
Rename getData() function to get_data() Return false in place of 0 for boolean flags
Remove wrong/weird set/group calculation
Superfluous warning thrown if article was empty.
Add support for survey_type field.
Remove wrong/weird set/group calculation
Typos and counter errors
Clean up group/set display for activity history.
Display multichoice arrays correctly in assignment view
Add support for e20r_surveys table
Don't show Measurements alert if measurements page isn't defined in the program
Make placeholder text translatable (and update to match button text)